#summary EveDb release notes

= Release notes =

== 2010.11.??, version 1.7 ==
  * *Added full search*

  * Issue 20.

== 2010.10.13, version 1.6 ==
  * *Improved performance*

  * Issue 19. Merge modules "core" and "ws" into "server"
  * Issue 18. Add schema migration/deletion agents
  * Issue 17. Switch to app.yaml configuration
  * Issue 16. Improve performance be removing Guice
  * Issue 15. HTTP 400 on blueprintDetailsForTypeID
  * Issue 9. HTTP 406 in Internet Explorer

== 2010.10.09, version 1.5 ==
  * *Migrated to tyr104, older versions are not supported anymore (dom100, tyr101)*
  * *New methods blueprintDetailsForTypeID and blueprintDetailsForTypeName*

  * Issue 14. Add new attributes in InvBlueprintTypeDto
  * Issue 13. Add new methods blueprintDetailsForTypeID and blueprintDetailsForTypeName
  * Issue 12. Migrate to tyr104
  * Issue 11. Caching is shared between application versions
  * Issue 10. Caching does not work

== 2010.08.04, version 1.4 ==

  * *Added XML support*

  * Issue 8. Introduce retry sender implementation to mitigate URLFetch timeout exceptions
  * Issue 7. Remove AppEngine client since URLFetch low-api deadline does not work
  * Issue 6. Create XML Schema for generated XML
  * Issue 5. Introduce new client for Google AppEngine URLFetch
  * Issue 4. baseMaterials and extraMaterials return unordered list
  * Issue 3. Replace slf4j-log4j with slf4j-jdk14
  * Issue 2. Create script for datastore dump download
  * Issue 1. Return either JSON or XML based on accept header

== 2010.07.16, version 1.3 ==

  * *Initial release on [http://code.google.com/p/evedb code.google.com]*
  * *dom100 and tyr101 are supported*
  * *Only JSON support*